bare bones documentation for CheckmK (#252)
pulibrary/pul-it-handbook: services/checkmk.md

# CheckMK

[CheckMK docs](https://docs.checkmk.com/latest/en/). CheckMK is a tool we use for basic monitoring, including uptime, memory/CPU/disk usage, and more

## Useful commands
On the host: 
* Run `sudo cmk-agent-ctl status` to check the agent status on the host.
* Run `sudo cmk-agent-ctl dump > cmk-dump.txt`
to verify that the agent is running successfully and see its parameters.

On the CheckMK server:

> * Switch to the ‘pulmonitor’ user (`sudo su - pulmonitor` to run in the new user's environment), then execute `cmk --debug -vvn hostname` to look at the connection to a specific host. 

Author: ```suggestion
* Switch from the 'pulsys' user to the ‘pulmonitor’ user (`sudo su - pulmonitor` to run in the new user's environment), then execute `cmk --debug -vvn hostname` to look at the connection to a specific host. 
```

> * Do `nc -vz hostname.princeton.edu 6556` (probably needs `sudo`) to confirm that the agent port is accessible.

Reviewer: I got to this step and, even though was sudo'ed into the pulmonitor user, was prompted for a password. Same for accessing the logs below. This may be user error but wanted to note it here in case it's not.

Author: Thanks. I just tried this out and found the source of the error/confusion. Suggested update to the PR below.

Author: Addressed in cb0ae0040725f92b349176130737fcab410f6fb7.

> * Do `nc -vz hostname.princeton.edu 6556` (probably needs `sudo`) to confirm that the agent port is accessible.

Author: ```suggestion
* As the pulsys user, do `sudo nc -vz hostname.princeton.edu 6556` to confirm that the agent port is accessible on a specific hostname.
```
